Cleopatra was the Pharaohs one of all. True
At a flower show the first prize is often a bloom ribbon. True
Scaldophobia: Fear the toilet will flush while showering. False
The high school music teacher was quite controversial. He told his students to read prohibited books. False
I can do an excellent impression of Sinatra, said Tom, being perfectly frank. True
Why do people preserve fruits and vegetables? Because they 'can'. True
Strike while the iron is hot. False
How does a Welsh man eat cheese? Carefully. False
Adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache. False
OLD LANDSCAPERS never die, they just get weeded out. True
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. False
A fisherman tried boxing, but he only threw hooks. True
If you're a gardener you might call yourself a 'plant manager'. True
I went to an invisible fairground but didn't think it was very good. I just couldn't see the attraction. True
After burning a batch of cookies a baker felt very crummy. True
They built a tree house together but then had a falling out. True
Get the stick, Rover! Tom called loudly. False
Many a mickle makes a muckle. False
I love hockey, said Tom, eagerly. False
A good surgeon has an eagle's eye, a lion's heart, and a lady's hand. False
My name is Bud. I'm in flowers. True
You go to heaven... God sneezes... What do you say? False
Ancient Roman senators liked to make big speeches. False
OLD DOOR FRAMERS never die, they just become unhinged. True
The correct formula for concrete is worthwhile to cement in your mind. True
The weigh - in at the Sumo wrestling tournament was a large scale effort. True
People who make necklaces may get beady eyes. True
If you want a thing done right, do it yourself. False
OLD BASEBALL PLAYERS never die, they just go bad. False
Yesterday a cow saved my life - it was bovine intervention. True
Changing a tire on that crazy Houston freeway was a wrenching experience. True
It takes a village to raise a child. False
If you invite an insomniac to your pajama party they will be up for it. True
The family of bears posing for their family portrait experienced a true Kodiak moment. True
The store clerk lost his job, so he set up a kiosk in the mall to fend for himself. False
A church fair is a bazaar experience. True
Hey, is this yours? Your dog left it on my lawn... False
Don't cross a bridge before you come to it. False
Love can be a touchy subject. True
A lawyer's opinion is worth nothing unless paid for. False
He dined with her at the local beanery and was immediately inflatuated. True
She was small, slender with doe like eyes. ''Oh, my deer,'' he whispered. True
It's a clumsy reflection of yourself when you break a mirror. True
My name is Matt. I'm a doorman. True
When poker players have to fold they feel a bit discarded. True
The hostage said he couldn't stay on the phone long because he was tied up at the moment. True
Diets are for people who are sick and tired of it all. False
When asked by her co - workers whether they should bring a gift to her birthday party, Mary replied,'' You should know that all I'm interested in is your presence.'' True
A Maitre'D is more than just a door attendant. False
A pirate with one hand often picked up the phone. He wanted to get off the hook. True
Getting to the second floor of the leaflet warehouse required a circular staircase. True
''I'm going after that red fish,'' said Tom erringly. True
A book is a friend. False
Money doesn't grow on trees. False
There was a guy who was fired from the orange juice factory for lack of concentration. True
Old white blood cells lymph around the body. True
Trust your calculator. It's something to count on. True
In for a penny in for a pound. False
Astronauts work in a nice atmosphere. True
The cheap eye surgeon was always cutting corners. False
One gruelingly intense month into the year - long diet regimen, the overwhelmed patient concluded she could not stand the weight. True
The flipside of contagious gum disease is an infectious smile. True
After they had it out in the boxing ring, they called it square. True
John plans to retire in the spring and, like the trees around us, will be leafing. True
He recommended the restaurant to me, and said he had no reservations. True
Crows will not pick out crows eyes. False
Shotgun wedding: A case of wife or death. True
What is a duck's favorite game to play? Billiards. True
Old math profs never die, they just can't differentiate. True
How come wrong numbers are never busy??? False
OLD CHAUFFEURS never die they just lose their drive. True
And on the seventh day, He took an aspirin. False
A police dog is often the scenter of a drug arrest. True
Lamp factories have light workloads. True
A dentist gets on everybody's case. False
Time is money. False
OLD INVESTORS never die they just roll over. True
Women firefighters use support bras. False
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall. False
Bush says "No new taxes!", Clinton says, "No, NEW taxes!" False
Biologists have recently produced immortal frogs by removing their vocal cords. They can't croak. True
To save money for the company he cut all the electricity. They were soon in the black. True
Officer Jones takes his yearly bath every June. He is a characteristic example of a dirty cop. True
If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen. False
They were the quietest burglars in the history of New York City. The newspapers called them 'Criminal Mimes.' True
Her exam was on the human skeleton, so she decided to bone up. True
An undertaker can be one of your best friends, he is always the last one to let you down. True
The fault line had a splitting headache. True
Some music stores are in a CD part of town. True
Unfortunately, Wife 1.0 is not upgradable False
